New Box AI API default model (#423)
box/box-developer-changelog: content/2024/09-23-box-ai-api-defaul-model-update.md

---
applied_at: "2024-09-19"
applies_to: 
- api
- sdks
is_impactful: true
is_new_feature: true
collapse: true
show_excerpt: true
release_source_url: ''
---

# Box AI API default model update

> Box AI Platform API has been updated with a new default model for `POST /2.0/ai/ask` endpoint. Both single and multiple documents modes are now based on Azure's `gpt-4o-mini`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Box AI Platform API has been updated with a new default model for the `POST /2.0/ai/ask` endpoint. Both single and multiple document modes are now based on Azure's `gpt-4o-mini`.
```

> **Note**: Box AI Platform API is currently a beta feature offered subject to Box’s Main Beta Agreement, and the available capabilities may change. Box AI Platform API is available to all Enterprise Plus customers.

<!-- more -->

> For more information on [`default agent configuration`][1] and [`supported AI models`][2] visit developer guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on [default agent configuration][1] and [supported AI models][2] visit developer guides.
```
